Update README.md (#524)
Homebrew/homebrew-bundle: README.md

## Requirements

> [Homebrew](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew) on macOS for installing ependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Homebrew](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew) on MacOS for installing the dependencies.
```

Author: Thanks, @issyl0. It's macOS, not MacOS. Could you please update the suggestion?

Reviewer: Oops, my bad!

> This tool might work with Homebrew on Linux but is unsupported so don't file Linux issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool might work with [Homebrew on Linux](https://docs.brew.sh/Homebrew-on-Linux) but is unsupported so don't file Linux issues.
```
